Laura Lujan: No.
Laura Lujan: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Okay, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working out a place to i'm i'm getting dizzy, looking at your screen. So I'm waiting for you to settle in and a place that's private where you're not with boyfriend. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: The closet and I don't really care where as long as your private
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Laura Lujan: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. All right. Hang tight for just a minute. I'm going to open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you happen to have
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: The dental paperwork from you the work you had done this week.
Laura Lujan: For I get it for you. I'm a prescription about
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I didn't hear that. Do you have a
Laura Lujan: Subscription about on I was under the picture.
Laura Lujan: Um, I mean I can get a
Laura Lujan: copy of it a good doctors number, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, something, something like that. Let me just get a note done here and nimble.
Gwenevere Abriel: Message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought someone else reached out to you and got that done already, but doesn't sound like it.
Laura Lujan: Like they call them the prescription of like
Laura Lujan: Honestly, like, eight o'clock. The night before AD group. And then I had to go and like into my dentist for an emergency like check a follow up the next morning he met my both of my masters on this.
Laura Lujan: And I guess for to access, you can. I don't know if it goes. Welcome back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So just so we're clear you had an abscess tooth ON YOU WENT AND HAD emergency care on Tuesday.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, but I, but I got my I got my prescription and then on Monday night because I comment on this Monday night, and I was like, hey, I think.
Laura Lujan: He's again alarm, you know, and they said, Okay, let me just go into the story again. And you know what you can do as many of you get better. And then we go for, you know, whatever. But I didn't even last that long, because I ended up calling my wasn't had to offer again with like a
Laura Lujan: An excruciating pain, you know, help so he picking
Gwenevere Abriel: Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Tuesday, April 28. What was the procedure, he had
Laura Lujan: Another is within, and it was just nonsensical. They couldn't do anything they can't do it, come on, you don't want because it's the back more doors that I got my wasn't picking on the infection in there. It's in like the gum line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold up, hold on.
Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Monday you received a prescription for amoxicillin and you've been taking that every day.
Laura Lujan: Got three times a day area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling better.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say you went in and they said you have to abscesses.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, but it was all in gum line on the back where there wasn't used to be. So there's been kind of food is not gotten you know factory and I can have your back of the back
Laura Lujan: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said they cannot do a root canal and I just can't tell. Why, why can't they do root canal.
Because it's
Laura Lujan: Already wasn't there. I gotta figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: What did they tell you. Well done. What did they tell you they can do to help you.
Laura Lujan: Oh yeah, my phone and then whatever the investigators look at it and see if maybe this this group is the best thing, it may be, you know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: Okay, then maybe you have to pull out there. Not sure because they didn't want to take an extra that was hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I see. So the
Gwenevere Abriel: The treatment is wait until feeling better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than x ray and then look at nearby tooth and see if it's causing like if a nearby route is infected.
Laura Lujan: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, did you pick up a prescription for a short acting opiate
Laura Lujan: No good. I have some
Laura Lujan: I told them. I told them they want they want but I told her daughter needed. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of your dentist.
Laura Lujan: I'm injured again any
Laura Lujan: Time. I'm in
Laura Lujan: I'm in
Laura Lujan: Germany, which is
Laura Lujan: GI a and i and i
Gwenevere Abriel: Jenny, Jenny.
Laura Lujan: And I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Jenny. Okay, that's the dentist. Okay, cool. And you feel confident you feel like this this doctor really
Laura Lujan: Wanted to cover like and I was like three I got
Laura Lujan: There.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so how, tell me again, the days that you're going to your I. O. P.
Laura Lujan: I didn't do it. I can thinking retain I don't do that right
Gwenevere Abriel: You're waiting for
Laura Lujan: So the fans, drop it up for Berlin orders, because they don't like Google, however, they're okay with this Google thing, things would change doesn't make any sense at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're not in, you're not in an IoT
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I'm in think I think you would change program which is not every Wednesday.
Laura Lujan: From four to six point
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for change. Okay, so
Laura Lujan: I did my first class yesterday or the day before it is pretty cool. I mean,
Laura Lujan: I I got in trouble. A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So awesome.
Laura Lujan: SO IT'S MY OPINION TOO MUCH LIKE I gave the opposite like for someone to voice their like saying, I don't know why not me, but then I would defend the other times not. I mean,
Laura Lujan: I don't know why I did it a couple months ago, just because a lot of before me, fair, I felt like I felt like you know before just getting a book by it's cover anything, you know, nowadays, and I'm like, well, the psychology of it and how it how it is that
Laura Lujan: You know there's ecology shows that like you know there's reason why people do opportunity.
Laura Lujan: So, you know, maybe there is a reason why I show or so hits over time, whatever.
Laura Lujan: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: They were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: They were doing a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a role play
Gwenevere Abriel: And what side are you on
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the just so I know what was the other side called
Laura Lujan: So, okay, like the whole story was
Laura Lujan: This lady thought that he didn't understand where her uncle or whatever was so cool will be around for the after
Laura Lujan: Child abuse. Okay, I need abuses his kids or whatever her cousin or something and and he just didn't. And she said, understand what our goal is so cool with it. I don't play playing like nothing happened.
Laura Lujan: And she said she thought that it was weird and wrong and totally, you know, ignore everything and just shows that he's just a bigger time most of them are a bigger child if he doesn't, she thought.
Laura Lujan: No, I'm saying, well, maybe you don't know as finding what they teach these guys in prison to do is to you know move on with their lives to forget it.
Laura Lujan: So, you know, make sense of it all is a pilot. He was taught to new. He probably does. So right around that. He probably does like have a heart about it, but he was taught to this mother go directly to the sales side. And I think class stop do
Laura Lujan: It.
Laura Lujan: But
Laura Lujan: So I told her that. And she got her to matter because
Gwenevere Abriel: It was this was this real meaning.
This other
Gwenevere Abriel: One was this woman in the group talking about her own uncle was this a real story for this woman in the group.
Laura Lujan: Oh, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: A hypothetical scenario.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Laura Lujan: It was active in a scenario that we read a story about
Laura Lujan: Yeah, okay. She was just defending that react. It was a real scenario I wouldn't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What makes you think you got in trouble.
Laura Lujan: Because like you can just tell you, like this really like after I said that. So the good attitude about it like this is like a whole because we're on a group chat.
Laura Lujan: Or you can feel
Laura Lujan: I was on my computer my life. So I can say, well, I'm face and I never done that before. I always my phone. So every group chat ever done like with whatever we do, I'll use my phone. I don't use my
Laura Lujan: Computer well but this thing you want change. I finally use my computer, I was able to see her. So, and you can tell she's having a weird like, I will, you know, not sure like let it go.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, for the record, I want you on the computer to
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you on the computer to
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Laura Lujan: It was just that, like, well, I have more or less only my computer and it was four o'clock and i was i needed his phone or whatever. So because I use my boyfriend phone number. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when you meeting group. I'd rather you be on the computer. Because what you just got from thinking from change you're picking up on facial expressions, it matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because a lot of our communication comes from from those expressions and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes you might pick up on something and over react or under react and I would be able to see
Gwenevere Abriel: What you are talking about, like, oh yeah, I saw that, too. Um, I wonder how you made meaning out of that and I didn't or a look what she did.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we can talk more about it. It's more stuff for us to talk about. So I want you to be able to have a response to what someone's face looks like including mine, mine too. But I'm not the most important person in there. Um,
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I've heard you do that like whenever you say how you talk to her, whatever, like
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I didn't see me though.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you can possibly do that on a computer, that'd be great because then you could see people's faces and you can come to me later in individual therapy and you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened to you I you could say, Boy, I really felt like irritated with so and so and agus this dismissive kind of posture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we can talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. Yeah, I mean, you can see the other clients if you swipe the screen on your phone, you should be able to see us but
Gwenevere Abriel: Little
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's kind of hard to see see face little facial expressions.
Gwenevere Abriel: When when they're so small.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, okay.
Laura Lujan: All right away.
Laura Lujan: That thing where my appeal. I never did it. What are the ballgame relatable and
Laura Lujan: I'm
Laura Lujan: Like to report to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: You saying a release.
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Thank you. I just can't remember the name of it because I needed. We do that. I never did any
Gwenevere Abriel: Just when you go to her when you go back to virtual clinic, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let them know that you need to redo the
Laura Lujan: Release of information because you want me to add, who was right.
Laura Lujan: That was always more you can relate right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me let me look at it. Now, let me make sure if you're going to do it a second time. Let's get the second one, just right.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, because he's all man, y'all, so I'm going to grow more and I'm like yeah like
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to do everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can
Laura Lujan: And he's like, well, I never really finished. Whoa, okay. Oh, I forgot. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't go on Tuesday.
Laura Lujan: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't go on Tuesday.
Laura Lujan: Oh yeah, I know what I'm having my individual therapy. He was wearing. No, no, cuz I already have the group of America.
Laura Lujan: By line and wanted to talk to you today and ask you, why do you
Think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think we gotta keep stop keep talking because there's still a missing piece of information. Yeah, you know what, ma T stands for
Medication
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, medication assisted treatment. That's what group is
Laura Lujan: Over
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that's where you meet with your physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where you that's where you talk to your physician and you talk about whether you're having symptoms, whether it's the right dose and soon we'll talk about tapering down
Gwenevere Abriel: But you got to go every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Laura Lujan: Okay, yeah, I won't try like method without
Laura Lujan: Well, I've got what I should have done allows you to actively call you on a day and night girls playing a little better. And I shouldn't say hey, what can I do to make up the group until waiting to find it, but I just had a lot on my plate. I apologize for that. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Did but now you know oh my PR is going to know so might motivated, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, call me and then I can say, show up as a makeup group or do this special assignment, there can be something to stay accountable and then your doctor may decide, well, I want to meet with her or whatever doctor wants to do. But yes, kind of, kind of, pretending like it never happened.
Laura Lujan: I'm trying to do that. It was like I said it was
Laura Lujan: really hectic weekend and my dad's name comes in and share all weekend all week.
Laura Lujan: Anyways,
Gwenevere Abriel: You get
Gwenevere Abriel: A nice say one more thing you can be tired, you can be grumpy. You can be sad you can be angry. You can be any number of things still show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's just show up.
Laura Lujan: You know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: When I was in a car and we were
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that one might be that one might have been hard.
Laura Lujan: But I so i guess i still kind of showed up with every time I didn't get in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I would have seen. Oh, you're on your way. Dennis, you would have been like see love them right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference. It would have shown your commitment to it. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm already getting group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through
Laura Lujan: Single whoever it wasn't like that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Both it's okay this is doing all of this is a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember this commitment, you've made to it. So, no big deal. The only differences. The only differences.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to drive anywhere. You just have to log in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was really not as difficult as having to drive all the way or get gas money or bus. Many are borrowing and car.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only change is a little bit more accountability and I know you have an idea because I've seen how hard you work. So it's there. But when you're in a lot of pain. It's hard to think about anything else.
Laura Lujan: normally put order.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Laura Lujan: Again here and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's both.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in a bit. It just means you show up anyway. And you can say, I mean, look, I'm in so much pain. I'm on my way to take care of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: When can I go to another group and then I get to say, no problem. And then I give you another group and then you go to that one. But now we're on Friday, and you've not gone to group.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you could have because there's a lot of groups throughout the week and I want you in the 7am group but you couldn't make it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've already worked it out. You'll communicate more and we'll be all right. Okay, so now I'm going to go to this release. I don't remember what the problem with it was so let's just
Laura Lujan: Email. You want me to include his email address.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not instead of both
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look at yeah okay let's look at it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we have first and last name. We have phone number. Yeah, I just want to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually right here where his name is. It'd be nice to have his title as in I'm a correctional officer, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It'd be nice to have his title, just type it right after
Gwenevere Abriel: And then in here. Put your email. So if you're keeping notes, you may want to write that down. Because if you don't, you might forget
Laura Lujan: The name of person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to have the relationship. In other words, his title.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then his email down here where it says Persons treatment provider.
Laura Lujan: Email before I forget, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can put it before, that works fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not actually that fussy about it doesn't really matter to me but
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And so what's the other thing I'm looking for
Laura Lujan: The like pre chopped
Gwenevere Abriel: His title.
Laura Lujan: Yeah so pre trial is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, nice. Okay, cool. All right, and then it sounds like he wants a letter for me soon.
Laura Lujan: Know, like I said. He just, he's asking him what I was doing, because I guess do it over the other comes over.
Laura Lujan: She told me she told she called him and asked him about putting anything we can program and ask them, I was doing therapy sessions on my own. And he said, Well, yeah, she is that are on record owner color when they call me here, like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. I'll wait for you to do the release and then I'll wait for you to tell me, hey, when can you send a letter. I'm going to wait for you to tell me
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's go talk about something other than rules and all of that stuff. Let's talk about what's really going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The dynamics between you and your step mom I hit invited last time this sort of radical acceptance of the fact that she may not be capable of
Gwenevere Abriel: The level of honesty, maybe that you are and
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you make any change around the way you're talking to her.
Laura Lujan: Well, right now, she's gone. The last night, and she was because Cinderella.
Laura Lujan: And she was like, she did you find any reason the model that was my goal. And I think nine over here.
Laura Lujan: And so she called me and said, like an hour, two hours talking about she's also he told me the other day. He wanted my help. Right. And I was like, well, yeah, of course. You know, I want you know
Laura Lujan: You think you can help me, help me. And so she was trying to sit there and say that she called she spent 35 MINUTES OF HER NAME CALLING around to the rehab facilities and I'm pretty see what facilities would take your
Laura Lujan: Patient treatment. And I guess there are three of them that call my my insurance or whatever.
Laura Lujan: And I guess out of those three one, she would like she told me to read it shadow mountain or whatever, someone to write it down.
Laura Lujan: And problem myself whenever, but she called and they said that they do not need a program and she was asking me if you know if I wanted to get into like a 90 day program right away.
Laura Lujan: And I asked her, like, yes, I'm like, I'm not trying to be rude, but you're not trying to follow my dad already, you know, why would I do that and I must be kidding. I'm just worried about it. Like, it just seems to me like you know you said we have
Laura Lujan: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Rewind relying
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me why you want rehab.
Laura Lujan: Because of the fact that impatient with look better in front of the judge if I go in front of you know just on my child and say, Hey, I didn't vision rehab, you know, blah, blah, blah. I have him about hopefully they'll just keep me in and patient enhancements.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, that's a possibility that the judge will see it is better, not everyone needs treatment. The other
Gwenevere Abriel: The other benefit you won't be there with your dad.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, yeah, that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I don't hate that idea either
Laura Lujan: He liked the idea so much twice a week. But, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's the first one. The second piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what what what what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is this thought about calling cops on dad like where's that coming from, what is that
Laura Lujan: Because every day.
Laura Lujan: You know, during the morning I guess so. My dad called me like
Laura Lujan: And I call me like 1045 on Sunday morning and move on. Laura. Laura, Laura. I was I've had a sore throat, two days. No. Okay.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, you told me last night which point. Well, okay. Well, like you need to test it for Frodo again. I'm like, Okay, well, I already got, like, no, like, just because you have to start over today doesn't mean you have for not nearly
Laura Lujan: Enough, and you can hear it and he was flowing dry humor like soldier.
Laura Lujan: Template about in the morning and I'm like, are you kidding me and he's all will look, watch, watch. Check it out. I'm going to go take a shower probably back
Laura Lujan: I'm here, I'm working on homework today. And then I found out from so long and I pray that he passed on to like one, and he says omen. And so like she told me she like that and it makes me wonder because you always said you know I was leaving, I was leaving, I was doing drugs.
Laura Lujan: Blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't understand that he's supposed to be leaving me. He is supposed to be leaving maybe supposed to be leaving me
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what you mean. What does that mean,
Laura Lujan: In my step mom like my mom. Okay. My mom said that she supposed to be lean like he was so close. Good evening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close to leaving. I was so close to leaving because I don't like a husband. That's cast out. Right. Why would she called the police husbands can pass out all they want to
Laura Lujan: Because according to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I
Laura Lujan: Know I know she did creating
Laura Lujan: Yeah, this is the water. Yeah, there's nothing exciting to remind ourselves there and you're
Laura Lujan: Right. But when as a harmless shrunk to be honest, like unless unless he's mad. He's almost 2 billion. He's bouncing off whatever but like he
Laura Lujan: So I won't want it badly done right. Well, you could walk up the stairs and she's while I'm going to call the cops. I'm used to being being so direct you can't walk up the stairs and my dad's like okay
Laura Lujan: When I'm in my house like whatever, and so he just was not on a cash and stock, and I laughed my ass off. And I was like, oh my god.
Laura Lujan: You're like, shoot. He's right. So, like what is what. What are the costume to do know Alan badly, no nothing like
Laura Lujan: I've ever heard my life order.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really what law is he breaking
Laura Lujan: She's gonna, I guess, shooting a card for what's the current work well for tech, which I've done before. I'm okay.
Laura Lujan: I'm good. Like, I don't know. I'm more worried about him, you know, he thought into science. It's not from them. At that point, they would keep them from that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Jesse actually threaten
Know,
Laura Lujan: Why, yeah.
Okay.
Good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can hear me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so far, the way you're describing the relationship with your step mom is the same as last week. So what I asked you earlier was have you done anything differently so that you're not sucked into the drama that was really when I was asking.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, yeah. So one more time. I would
Gwenevere Abriel: Avoid you use avoidance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we
Laura Lujan: Kind of didn't get the new one off, actually, because everyone just kind of thought, okay, well because okay so i my dad asked me, Why are you at home.
Laura Lujan: I will because like you lived there for you i i'm doing everything right. Like, I mean,
Laura Lujan: There's nothing like there's nothing you could say that I'm doing is I'm not doing it. There's no red flags. But you know, I mean, I'm talking to my feeling like he was actually my life.
Laura Lujan: On top of that, I'm doing, you know, all my classes over and I do my drug tests are very foggy morning I'm also there is a factor that I applied for two jobs or whatever. And I also enrolled in school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me something.
Laura Lujan: I did, I did the FAFSA and then I also did this.
Laura Lujan: Fall 2020
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
We
Laura Lujan: Stayed in my own skin. And part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are registered for classes or you will soon.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, well I I registered for my
Laura Lujan: FAFSA to become a lot. The last year I was in school was 22
Laura Lujan: And I was, I was talking to a credit students
Laura Lujan: Make quick so you so we had to colleges over here you an American University of New Mexico and Central Mexico.
Laura Lujan: Calling OR WHATEVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE. They don't mix the two credits don't turn into one. However, if you send both of these credits to another university, then they all become more
Gwenevere Abriel: Know when I did was I learned that you can do.
Laura Lujan: That. So I sent I did policy them and foster you know well from my last to get my associates. I went to Emory University and I got all my credits multiple chances are over there on one character. I still you know the time
Laura Lujan: But, um, so I had that transcription ever and I was able to pull it up from all my old young people going over that I had on my email and I send that person to CNN and it went through. I was surprised because of the UN and credits on it needs to be.
Done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me say this back okay you have registered at what school
Laura Lujan: Some gentlemen for food college
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you
Laura Lujan: Going for me yesterday. I think I only had four classes for now.
Laura Lujan: I did the whole wall.
Laura Lujan: Like, I went to Fordham Law is where I want this time I started psychology, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What classes are you registered for
Laura Lujan: I don't know. I read it, I don't know.
Laura Lujan: English statistics, I'm
Laura Lujan: VIP I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: And then there's one more. I don't remember. I wrote it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: What day do you start classes.
Laura Lujan: Remember,
Laura Lujan: I've just been
Laura Lujan: My dog is about clinical I usually don't like all my classes because I'd rather be in person for
Laura Lujan: This kind of taught me a lot. Oh.
Laura Lujan: I'm gonna like the online, a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you applied for two jobs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What has it been like. In other words, if you're staying at your boyfriend's house and step mom is okay with it this week she wasn't last week, but this week. She's been okay with it. She
Laura Lujan: Will tell me anything because I you know I ok and then a major reason why I defend your life, leaving. She was being rude I she started turning on really
Laura Lujan: Weird and religiously, and I know the reason why she got to go home. So a few weeks ago and they were finally like, you know, effects are finally like happening.
Laura Lujan: So she was all messed up or whatever for like a week now she's fine again she's told me last night. She was like, I know what you asked us to do the my home. So I said, Yeah, I know it's a lot to do today. And again, it's not why. But if you want to believe that
Laura Lujan: You
Gwenevere Abriel: break, break, break, break,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: My question, again, though this is just this is about you, about what you have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're saying just check and see because you avoided her you did some really cool things apply for jobs and got connected with school which is exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I was asking you to do last week was to try a behavioral experiment and to change your thinking and to change what you say.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't do that.
Laura Lujan: I got it is my dad like we started. Are you sorry sorry I'm not yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay. These are
Gwenevere Abriel: There, they're very hard to do.
Laura Lujan: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I mean, it's your life. It doesn't affect mine any does it
Laura Lujan: Right, that's not
Laura Lujan: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's instead let's let's think about what made it hard, let's actually take a second and and figure out what made it hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me, Dad said this, I thought this and I got angry or defensive or scared or something. Well, what happened between you and your dad.
Laura Lujan: My dad said that
Laura Lujan: We have with me.
Laura Lujan: And I got
Laura Lujan: So caught up now.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any rehab, which is there's no such word as rehab. By the way, it's a residential level of care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye. But anyway, any one that's any good won't let family members, the in group together.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way. No way. No way. No way. And if they did, you would call the licensing board and you'd complain like you. That's how bad that is you cannot, you can't be in a group with someone who assaulted you and and if they didn't, let's say you guys were best friends. I still
Laura Lujan: Love her yes or
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if you are best friends. I still would not have you in group.
Together.
Laura Lujan: When we come up, like, you know, like the bias like that everything is dating bias.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's on ethical. Did you hear that word.
Laura Lujan: Yeah yeah
Laura Lujan: Yes, good word.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a fact. So in in behavioral health, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have siblings that are here, I have spouses that are here and they both want to work with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I've already started working with one
Gwenevere Abriel: And no matter how good I am. And I'm pretty good at staying objective.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it. I can't treat both siblings. Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one. Yeah, so that's why in professional ethics. It's unless you're in a remote area and there's no choice. It's either there's nobody or there's just this one treatment facility, then
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's scary or, uh, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But you still have a right to refuse treatment Laura, you can say you have a right to say, let's say you go to this rehab. You get to say I am not comfortable with being in group was the same person who has hurt me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they have to, they will have to get move them out of there.
Laura Lujan: But that makes her why, even though because he grew up in Nashville. So this tiny little sign up. You're like, everyone knows everybody everybody everybody like straight up like I just almost impossible to find somebody like you didn't have today isn't related to us, you know, if I get
Laura Lujan: If I found ridiculous. I tried it, but like my dad like mess around with my with my brother. His brother's wife and I and then my okay my own home. His wife old are all day. Rather, I would rather
Laura Lujan: Say, I totally ridiculous but anyways.
Laura Lujan: Like that makes sense. It kind of, I guess, like made me laugh I growing
Laura Lujan: Pain, maybe, I don't know, I'm looking to buy into it but like the whole thing where you can have an ethical and we do that by waving okay because you're writing down what you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: The community that he grew up in there were overlaps.
In
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It's incumbent, which means it's the responsibility of the professional to protect those ethics, you don't have you as the client, you're not responsible for knowing that it's on us to protect those
Gwenevere Abriel: We go to classes so that we know where they are so that we can protect you. You guys don't know that it's because it's professional ethics, we take classes every other year on it. So we keep abreast of what the laws are
Gwenevere Abriel: professional ethics.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way you would have you two would be in the same. No way. Oh.
Laura Lujan: Well, I forgot that was ridiculous. And I just, I felt like laughing and faith, and he's like, you know, we're not with you. I'm like, No, no, you listen and unless there's nothing happened. I'm sorry.
Laura Lujan: I did for once can use let me have a spotlight on some points and I just felt like, well, right, I mean, I'm not trying to be like a big about it or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number two, professional ethics was number one. Number two, there's no effing way your dad's ready to stop drinking, there's
Laura Lujan: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way
Laura Lujan: You know, whatever.
Laura Lujan: You try to do at this point, your money.
Laura Lujan: And that's the goal is like a New Years back to repeat
Laura Lujan: Your evolutionary repeat I showed up. I saw my son's like 1999. And yeah, I know. That was the day I was born on like
Laura Lujan: Every, every year. It's the same thing. So
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if you guys would like to do this as a buddy system, we're going to go in and
Laura Lujan: Produce
Gwenevere Abriel: He can do it. Now, right now.
Laura Lujan: It can be done by me again. I mean,
Laura Lujan: Then it could put that
Laura Lujan: On my part, I'm not going to get that. How are we
Laura Lujan: Gonna let him have that. How's that sound my, I thought, okay, so maybe he's telling you this to where I like half a dozen him and then whenever he bought some albums.
Laura Lujan: And then when I found interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the last time you did a stimulant. How far back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many times have you heard the thought, oh, I could go do that.
Laura Lujan: A comment about whatever I'm wearing my dashboard.
Laura Lujan: I remember that. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have them a couple times a day.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, two times a week now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what that says to me, it says whatever you're doing, it's working.
Gwenevere Abriel: If avoidance is working. If
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing me if the buprenorphine whatever it is that you're doing that is working because you February.
Gwenevere Abriel: 20 and you're only having cravings thoughts. A couple times a week. That's pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Laura Lujan: Bad for everything you know my notes, whatever it is you're like all
Laura Lujan: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm not sure what you just said. Just try it again.
Laura Lujan: I felt really bad. Whenever we had to up my dose from a ship to ship to ship. Yeah, I felt like really kind of like is locked down with myself kind of
Laura Lujan: Like I figured, okay. Well, we could just fix it.
Laura Lujan: With another medication, but like I like you guys are always talking to me bring up my thought was great. I mean, I'm not a lawyer, like, I don't know.
Laura Lujan: But
Laura Lujan: They get it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Registered in school interviews looking into rehab. You have to thank you definitely could rationalize using more subs. Did you use more of the subs then was prescribed
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not giving yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let me, let me give you. Let me give you a compliment you need to see you guys on the frontline of recovery. You're not. You're not realizing how hard you're working
Gwenevere Abriel: Give your
Gwenevere Abriel: give yourself credit
Gwenevere Abriel: Its massive most people barely get out of bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: School, problem solving, to these all these programs, talking with me about
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're, you're kicking ass.
Laura Lujan: Yeah yeah I myself have to credit
Gwenevere Abriel: When and you're going to get there, you're going to get there, you're going to get past this this bias. You have about, you know, I'm maybe what I'm weak because I had to take more subs. It's not a moral issue. It has to do with it must have been how much maybe heroin, you were doing before.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just meant that you had a lot of open receptors and you needed more to fill them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't worry about the taper. When you're ready, and your coping skills are in place. I think you're going to do. You're going to do just fine tapering and you're going to feel really proud of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't, don't worry about that. That's, that's to come right now we're trying to get you in a stable living environment. So just
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't judge yourself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's go back to the behavioral health piece. We've got a little bit of time left.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how I asked you earlier I said what got in the way of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not arguing with dad or not arguing with step mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So watch another version of how it could have gone. Is this if dad says, well I'm going, Oh, we'll do it together, go to rehab together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: You argued right you argue with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Another version. The one I talked about last week would look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is an interesting idea, Dad. I'll give that some thought.
Laura Lujan: It would be harder would be something
Gwenevere Abriel: You memorize it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that, that sounds important to death, and she starts your recovery. Um, I'll give that some thought.
Laura Lujan: Okay, I'm like a bike ride my bike.
Laura Lujan: I didn't do that one. OK, I will give myself that credit. There was one time where I didn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tell me. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: We have to remember that just passed away.
Laura Lujan: I'm digital. Well, my dad called me. Okay. And he was like, What are you doing are you okay um I guess what's up. You don't know thing on earth did you see, did you see so Toronto posted any jargon. Right.
Laura Lujan: Well, I knew that if I just cooperate with him. It'll make
Laura Lujan: It'll make everything
Laura Lujan: So,
Laura Lujan: It was kind of messed up whatever big borders, I am my bad timing to look at this person name on Facebook and Chris on this video. So I said, Okay, I'll do that. I'm sitting there like
Laura Lujan: Okay, yeah, I'm looking at I'm looking at right now on to the video that's a long video on dad, he's like, God, long while I'm pulling me in it right flowing
Laura Lujan: And I'm like, yeah, going to do that. Well, let me just like let me go. So I can, you know, so I've watched this video. It was trying to
Laura Lujan: You're trying to get me to watch the screen over to someone, one of our 20th distant cousins. They never met before he drinking, you know, totally excited about our
Laura Lujan: Forum for life for, you know, lots going to hell. My dad has a thing where whenever anyone does have any doesn't matter how old they are him, he just, he just
Laura Lujan: Can
Gwenevere Abriel: I just clarify the video content was of a drunken man, is that right
Laura Lujan: Your video content of a hero, you know, or appeal.
Gwenevere Abriel: An 18 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the video was have a funeral.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I remember it was like them burying the dude and like putting dirt on him and I recorded it or whatever because because the card. We could have everyone there at one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I just so
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a family member that you you barely know
Laura Lujan: You've met him once.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I've only got four minutes. I want to hear. Well, you did where you protected your own boundaries. What did you do
Laura Lujan: I told my now that I want to hear. And I said, well, I sat there for like the whole like phony 30 minutes with him thing. Oh, yeah. You see this
Laura Lujan: What am I wasn't really watching him to do at all. But my dad. Well, he totally believe because I told them, I said, Okay, well, now we're
Laura Lujan: Now we're at 30 minutes that. Okay, so, and then he told me that they're putting them to the garden. You can become a gas on became that course I did. Are you okay, I love you, just not possible. It's like, well, I made him feel better about it you know the extent of like I
Gwenevere Abriel: So you and I are gonna disagree a little on whether that's the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But But Laura. I don't ever
Gwenevere Abriel: But you had to sacrifice and the difference between what I'm role modeling right now. Sound like this, but I don't know how you and your dad or I don't know if he would yell at you. I don't know what would happen, but the skill. This one I'm trying to teach looks like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll take a look at it. I've got a little bit of time later, do you want me to text you when I've watched the video. Yeah. Text me when you watched it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I decide on my time. If I'm going to watch it at all, but it gives me time to think about, well, maybe I don't want to watch it at all, or maybe I will but I didn't do it right now, when he wanted me to because it's not going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's another step towards being able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad, I understand this person means a lot to you. I don't know him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how are you doing around the loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a skill to be able to to be able to meet someone's feeling and not take everything someone saying as a directive to go do something and this will take time, but yes, you get big applause for that. But it kind of breaks my heart a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Because because you still had to sacrifice and I don't want you to have to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The skill. I'm going to be teaching you is about a boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you get to say no. But you do it in a sweet way. I think you're going to get there. At least you recognize that you pushed back a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't 100% compromise, there was a little bit of you in that response and you got to say no by you basically didn't watch the video.
Laura Lujan: Here we're
Laura Lujan: kind of messed up a bit. I feel better or worse about it if he needs to do. But he made me no good.
Laura Lujan: Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep talking. I'll get there. This is hard, but this is right at the center for most people in recovery, they're working on how to say no when they need know
Gwenevere Abriel: Most
Laura Lujan: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Laura Lujan: If someone asked me if I can get it or if I can help them yeah core. If I say, Yes, right away, like when
Laura Lujan: You guys should point to a my boyfriend was like all, what do you do, why you why you
Laura Lujan: Get over here right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, that's what I'm picking up on and that'll take a little bit of time, but it's worth it because then what happens or is you give what you have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: Without resentment. It means we give and sometimes some days we only have a little bit to give and what we need that day is to take care of ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other days we have more resources and we can give to others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly the amount we have without resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's getting into boundaries and that is a really important topic, and we're going to keep talking about it another day to meet right now. So I'm looking at my schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Your Tuesday morning
Laura Lujan: Medication you
Laura Lujan: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know that happened because you didn't go to group, right. You do know that right
Laura Lujan: Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's where your doctor is
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoo. I think I've got something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. It's right away. Monday this coming Monday. So we're going to meet right away, Monday, May 4 at 10am
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then I can. I'm going to dive right in and talk to you about boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to we'll get right into that will kind of take what we talked about and will continue it. All right, I'm going to message, your doctor right now. Okay. And your next appointment is probably going to be bridged to that one. So I'll see you Monday at what time
Gwenevere Abriel: You then
Laura Lujan: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.